Add Plotly.js docs updates for 6.3 (#5269)
plotly/plotly.py: doc/python/choropleth-maps.md

Plotly comes with two built-in geometries which do not require an external GeoJSON file:

1. USA States
2. Countries

In **Plotly.py 6.3 and later**, the built-in countries geometry is created from the following sources:

> - [UN data](https://geoportal.un.org/arcgis/sharing/rest/content/items/d7caaff3ef4b4f7c82689b7c4694ad92/data) for country borders, coastlines, and land layers.
> - Natural Earth data for oceans, lakes, rivers, and subunit layers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [UN data](https://geoportal.un.org/arcgis/sharing/rest/content/items/d7caaff3ef4b4f7c82689b7c4694ad92/data) for country borders, coastlines, land, and ocean layers.
- Natural Earth data for lakes, rivers, and subunits layers.
```
